Refinements and additional updates to the HRI task (#964)
RoboCupAtHome/RuleBook: scoresheets/GiveMeAHand.tex

\begin{scorelist}[timelimit=10]

	\scoreheading{Regular Rewards}
	\scoreitem{100}{Approach a calling operator}	
	\scoreitem[5]{50}{Approach the human's hand without contact}
	\scoreitem[5]{100}{Receive an object from the operator}
	\scoreitem[5]{50}{Use natural interaction to clarify ambiguous delivery locations}
	\scoreitem[5]{100}{Place an object at the correct location}
 
	\scoreheading{Penalties}
	\penaltyitem[5]{50}{Initiating unattended interaction (e.g., talking to the open air)}

> 	\penaltyitem[5]{75}{Place an object at the wrong location or without user's confirmation}

Reviewer: `Use natural interaction to clarify ambiguous delivery locations`

As this is already a score item i think we need to specify this in the penalty .
Can we think of some unnatural interaction the robot could use to specify the location?
We could rewrite the penalty like this:

```suggestion
	\penaltyitem[5]{75}{Place an object at the wrong or ambiguous location}
```

Author: Ok. What about "Place an object at the wrong location or by guessing the intended location"?
